# Generated with /util dump packets (only works in dev builds)
net.minecraft.class_2606 ExperienceOrbSpawnS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5904 TitleS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2855 RenameItemC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_5194 JigsawGeneratingC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2846 PlayerActionC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2713 UnlockRecipesS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2873 CreativeInventoryActionC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2820 BookUpdateC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2793 TeleportConfirmC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2684$class_2687 Rotate
net.minecraft.class_4463 PlayerActionResponseS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2616 EntityAnimationS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2909 LoginDisconnectS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5899 WorldBorderWarningBlocksChangedS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2856 ResourcePackStatusC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2649 InventoryS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2859 AdvancementTabC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2653 ScreenHandlerSlotUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2637 ChunkDeltaUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2622 BlockEntityUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7472 CommandExecutionC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2626 BlockUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2871 UpdateCommandBlockMinecartC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2813 ClickSlotC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2781 EntityAttributesS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2736 ScoreboardDisplayS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2774 NbtQueryResponseS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2915 LoginHelloC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2885 PlayerInteractBlockC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2836 BoatPaddleStateC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2673 WorldEventS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2670 KeepAliveS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2815 CloseHandledScreenC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2718 RemoveEntityStatusEffectS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5895 WorldBorderCenterChangedS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2735 UpdateSelectedSlotS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2748 ExperienceBarUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2937 QueryRequestC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2797 ChatMessageC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_5894 OverlayMessageS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2720 ResourcePackSendS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2901 LoginSuccessS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2879 HandSwingC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2744 EntityEquipmentUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2899 LoginQueryRequestS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2790 SynchronizeTagsS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2629 BossBarS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2907 LoginCompressionS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7618 MessageHeaderS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2676 LightUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2905 LoginHelloS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2868 UpdateSelectedSlotC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_7495 ServerMetadataS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7439 GameMessageS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_6373 PlayPingS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2913 LoginQueryResponseC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_3753 UpdateJigsawC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2833 VehicleMoveC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2708 PlayerPositionLookS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_4273 ChunkLoadDistanceS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5888 ClearTitleS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_4211 UpdateDifficultyLockC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2772 PlayerListHeaderS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2641 CommandTreeS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2743 EntityVelocityUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2724 PlayerRespawnS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2632 DifficultyS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5898 WorldBorderWarningTimeChangedS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2828$class_2830 Full
net.minecraft.class_2639 CommandSuggestionsS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5903 SubtitleS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2842 UpdatePlayerAbilitiesC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2828$class_2831 LookAndOnGround
net.minecraft.class_2799 ClientStatusC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_7597 ChatSuggestionsS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2604 EntitySpawnS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_4210 UpdateDifficultyC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2827 KeepAliveC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2877 UpdateSignC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2716 EntitiesDestroyS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_3895 OpenWrittenBookS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2803 ClientSettingsC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_5890 EndCombatS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2805 RequestCommandCompletionsC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_5900 TeamS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2822 QueryEntityNbtC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_7640 MessageAcknowledgmentC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2695 CraftFailedResponseS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2783 EntityStatusEffectS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2757 ScoreboardPlayerUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2661 DisconnectS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5896 WorldBorderInterpolateSizeS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_6682 SimulationDistanceS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2684$class_2686 RotateAndMoveRelative
net.minecraft.class_2824 PlayerInteractEntityC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_5891 EnterCombatS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2739 EntityTrackerUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_3944 OpenScreenS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2623 BlockEventS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2795 QueryBlockNbtC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2692 VehicleMoveS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2668 GameStateChangeS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2935 QueryPingC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_4282 ChunkRenderDistanceCenterS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2870 UpdateCommandBlockC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2866 UpdateBeaconC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2767 PlaySoundS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2666 UnloadChunkS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7494 ChatPreviewS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2656 CooldownUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2751 ScoreboardObjectiveUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2703 PlayerListS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2617 StatisticsS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2660 PlaySoundIdS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2648 OpenHorseScreenS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7519 ChatPreviewStateChangeS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2775 ItemPickupAnimationS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2678 GameJoinS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7438 ChatMessageS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2777 EntityPositionS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2917 LoginKeyC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_3943 SetTradeOffersS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2817 CustomPayloadC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2788 SynchronizeRecipesS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5897 WorldBorderSizeChangedS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7496 RequestChatPreviewC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2770 StopSoundS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2752 EntityPassengersSetS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2683 MapUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2759 PlayerSpawnPositionS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2924 QueryResponseS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2779 AdvancementUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2761 WorldTimeUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2613 PlayerSpawnS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2729 SelectAdvancementTabS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2838 PickFromInventoryC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2886 PlayerInteractItemC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2811 ButtonClickC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2863 SelectMerchantTradeC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_5427 RecipeCategoryOptionsC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2853 RecipeBookDataC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2734 SetCameraEntityS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_6374 PlayPongC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2884 SpectatorTeleportC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2765 PlaySoundFromEntityS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2749 HealthUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2923 QueryPongS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5905 TitleFadeS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5889 WorldBorderInitializeS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2828$class_2829 PositionAndOnGround
net.minecraft.class_2851 PlayerInputC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2672 ChunkDataS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_7617 HideMessageS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2696 PlayerAbilitiesS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2693 SignEditorOpenS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2620 BlockBreakingProgressS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2658 CustomPayloadS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2684$class_2685 MoveRelative
net.minecraft.class_2875 UpdateStructureBlockC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2707 LookAtS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2828$class_5911 OnGroundOnly
net.minecraft.class_2848 ClientCommandC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2675 ParticleS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2726 EntitySetHeadYawS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2889 HandshakeC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2840 CraftRequestC2SPacket
net.minecraft.class_2664 ExplosionS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2663 EntityStatusS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_5892 DeathMessageS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2651 ScreenHandlerPropertyUpdateS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2645 CloseScreenS2CPacket
net.minecraft.class_2740 EntityAttachS2CPacket
